I have a few mentors that I've looked up to over the over the past several
years. Generally, they have been former commanding officers or
something like that. Um, and that's pretty normal. Also former department
heads that I gained a lot of what I think valuable leadership
skills from, um, there that I think you'll as you move through your
career. You will see that, too. But it is important, too. Perhaps attach
yourself to some folks and you keep in contact with them. Let him
know what you doing periodically see how they're doing. I've asked
for several recommendations from folks that have been my superiors
that have been, if you'd benefited me in the law in the long run, you
don't really want to close doors on your superiors because you never
know where they're gonna end up, and sometimes they're positional
authority. I can help you get jobs. You might otherwise have more
difficulty getting